:memo: Added emojis, final contact links (#1079)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/blank-issue-template.md

---

> name: Blank Issue

Reviewer: Should we rename this "Custom Issue" as in the [related issue](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ACCESS-Hive-Docs/issues/1069)?
```suggestion
name: Custom Issue
```

> about: If your issue doesn't belong to a specific category, feel free to describe it here. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: If your issue doesn't belong to a specific category, use this template. 
```

title: ''
labels: ''

> assignees: ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think you can omit these.
